Paintball Party 2
-----------------

Frantic multiplayer platforming action.


Description
-----------

Paintball Party 2 is the sequel to Paintball Party, a multiplayer action
platformer for all ages. This demo has 4 multiplayer game modes and includes
network play for up to 16 players in addition to the usual 4 player split-
screen mode.

Support for legacy content is built-in so you can use the loads of content
already available from Paintball Party.

This is just a taste of what's to come. The final version will have more game
modes, more content, and additional features.


Getting Started
---------------

Use the mouse, keyboard, or connected gamepads to navigate the menus. You might
want to visit the Options menu to see if you want to customize anything before
starting a game.

When you are on the Player Setup screen, you have to press the fire button as
configured on any controller to join the game. Once you have joined, you can
press your controller's left and right buttons to change your settings. Press
fire to activate your selections. If you want to make changes, press your
controller's jump button to go back.

Once all the players have been set up, select Next to go to the game mode
selection menu. After you select your game mode, you will then choose a map
on the Level Setup screen. Selecting Start Game here will start the game on the
currently selected level with the players as set up on the Player Setup screen.


Playing the Game
----------------

There are several game modes, each with different rules. In all of these game
modes, each player has a selection of stock ammo. What the stock ammo is
depends on the game mode being played. Players can also find various types of
ammo while playing the game.

There are several ammo types, each of which has different behavioral
characteristics. These are outlined below:

    Normal:

        Travels in a straight line until it hits something solid.

    Splitter:

        Travels in a straight line until it hits somethings, at which point it
        splits in two. Those two paintballs travel diagonally in the opposite
        direction as the paintball from which they originated. These can be useful
        for hitting a target around a corner.

    Mine:

        Travels in an arc and sticks to whatever it hits.

    Bouncer:

        Bounces along the ground until it hits something.

    Seeker:

        Seeks its target.

    Reflector:

        Ricochets up to 5 times.

    Proximity Mine:

        Like a mine, but explodes into several paintballs when someone gets close
        to it.

    Ghost:

        Goes through solid objects.

There are also several powerup types which can be found scattered about the
levels. These are as follows:

    Cloak:

        Makes player invisible.

    Jump:

        Allows the player to jump a little higher.

    Run:

        Allows the player to run a little faster.

    Deflect:

        Paintballs will bounce off the player with this powerup.

    Fly:

        Allows the player to fly.

    Turbo:

        Allows the player to fire paintballs more rapidly.

The game currently has three modes of play, each with a multitude of
customization options.

    Elimination:

        When the player has been hit a set number of times, they are eliminated
        from the game. The game ends when only one player remains. This mode is
        good for large numbers of players.

    Death Match:

        Try to be the first player to reach a set number of frags. The game can
        optionally end after a specified amount of time. The game will not end if
        the highest scoring players are tied.

	Coin Rush:

        Try to collect all the coins. Hitting another player will cause that
        player to drop all their coins. When a player collects all the coins,
        the game ends. The game can optionally end after a specified amount of
        time. The game will not end if the highest scoring players are tied.
        This mode is good for small numbers of players.


Contacting Us
-------------

If you have comments, requests, etc. feel free to contact us.

E-Mail:

    todd@t3-i.com

Web Site:

    http://www.t3-i.com

We look forward to hearing from you.
